It was a deep crater, covered with dark mosses and fresh grass. At the end of the night, the fireflies that still hovered around the shy flowers disappeared from sight, obscured by the sun. A path descended, winding in a spiral, a gentle slope bordered by pine fences stained with silver paint. The muffled noises of the students who descended more or less wisely towards the heart of the alcove, their steps like their words, resounded in a vague blurred echo.


Standing apart from the orderly group, clearly behind, only one resident dragged on excessively, ensuring an unflattering delay on this day of return.


"No, really, hurry up, anyway...we have to get our room keys...if we don't go..."


In vain, his traveling companion tried to make him listen to reason. Flying close to her while making sure not to enter the field of her phone, even as she took photo after photo, trying to get more or less close to her face, to gently brush her wing to win her attention, yet he received no response, except exclamations which were by no means intended for him; effusive and brief, with a united tone and energy:


"No! But no! But that's great! Ohhh hoho that's great - and there - and that angle - wait wait wait, like this. Yes! No - LOWER it looks like that!"


And so on.
Embarrassed to disturb such displays of joy, the bird looked away and asked in a timid voice:


"Delphine, are you listening to me?"


Finally, she answered him, looking at him with eyes that shimmered in wonder.


"But yes, of course I'm listening! But just LOOK around you! I could spend hours here! And there, just with pictures - but believe me I'll be crunching for days at this rate, c 'It's incredible !"


His tender friend's beak wore a gentle smile.


"But you can always do it tomorrow...for now, we're expected. We'll have plenty of time to admire the scenery...three months is quite enough."


She responded with another smile, embarrassed but without guilt.


"Sorry...well...so I'm coming. But before, on the other hand, really, I absolutely have to go up to the top to take a well-framed picture of the school from above."
"...but didn't you take one earlier?"
"Yes, of course, but..."


She browsed for a few moments in her gallery among the dozens of new images she had just accumulated.


"See? It's a blur...I was so glad I didn't notice...I have to do it again..."
"Delphine, we'll be late if you go all the way up there..."
"You can go ahead, can't you? And tell them that I'm coming? They'll understand...huh? Just a little photo and I'll be back...I promise."


Rolling its eyes, the bird landed on his shoulder and pecked him lightly on the cheek.


"You better be quick, okay?"
"Promised."


So he took off, and ignoring the course of the road, descended in a straight line, ahead of all the other students. The latter, intrigued to see this beautiful bird with white wings pass, which reflected the bluish shards of the tower below, raised their heads for a moment to admire it.


Delphine watched him go, smiling. What he could worry about sometimes.


True to her promise, she climbed the slope with a determined step, in order to take her last shot as quickly as possible to reach him in time.


Around her, each plot and each inhabitant of this magical land seemed to want to make her betray her word, busy distracting her, catching her eye. But she was determined, and she lifted a disdainful chin at the flowers of unknown species, the scattered tufts of turquoise grass and the moths whose milky wings indicated the complete absence of predators.


She still had some way to go, though, and deep down she was grumbling, blaming herself for not checking her album sooner. But that didn't bother her so much, since on this occasion she noticed without even lingering an incredible amount of details that had escaped her in the fever of her descent, and she was already imagining herself coming back to draw the next day, before daybreak - or perhaps even at sunset, when evening comes and his things are packed.


She was thus rejoicing in anticipation when she realized the presence of a small firefly that stood out against the cool-hued landscape with its bright red glow. She hovered around him, very obviously eager to talk to him. Concentrating as best she could, Delphine waved her hand.


"Hello! You were talking to me, huh..? Sorry! I couldn't hear you..."


A charming and delicate laugh resounded in response, accompanying a friendly and caressing voice.


"Oh, but it's nothing – 'Cause you can hear me, just like I thought...and that's why you're going to the school downstairs, is not it ?"
"Yes! I'm coming to learn how to communicate better with animals...and the bird that's with me is going to try to learn how to talk to other humans."
"The bird? I don't see a bird near you."
"Ah, yes, it's that he left in front. We're already late, and I promised him to come back down very soon."
"Indeed, the sun will rise at any moment. But tell me, would you mind if I came with you?"
"Oh, but not at all! I'm very happy, actually! It's rare that I manage to hear an animal so quickly..."


The beetle stopped twirling and, remaining stationary in front of Delphine, soon enveloped itself in a mantle of red light which hid it from view.


"It's just...", she began, hidden in this way, while the light took shape, growing, coming to trace the silhouette of a human body.


"I am no ordinary insect."


At these words, the cloak of opaque light slowly faded, revealing the presence of a young woman, dressed in a red dress with black spots.


"And besides, I'm not a firefly."
"...but a ladybug!" exclaimed Delphine, her eyes wide.
"Exact."
"A luminescent ladybug! And...and you can take on human form! How? How do you do that? It's mind-blowing!"
"Knowing how I can doesn't really matter."


Properly enchanted, the young designer began to scrutinize the proud ladybug, just as the latter had scrutinized her a few seconds earlier. Then she remembered and shook her head.


"Oh, the bird! Ah, well, sorry, I really have to hurry - are you following me?"
"With pleasure. You were coming back. Did you forget something?"
"No, but come on, I'll explain! By the way, and while I'm thinking about it: what's your name?"
"I like to call myself Ayla."
"So Ayla it will be!"


And together, they climbed to the top, one of its playful race, the other with a light step, ample and slender.


"Do you live here? In the crater garden?"
"A ladybug doesn't live anywhere...but that's where I'm staying right now."
"Because there is a lot of prey?"
"Enough."


It took much less time to reach the end of their road than Delphine would have thought, as if their conversation had shortened the journey. As soon as she saw the end of it, she took the lead and positioned herself right next to the glittering gate that opened the alley of the institute; unconsciously she whispered the words above him:


"Mihiril Noemied Iesod..."


"Do you know what that means?" Ayla asked.
"Eh ? Oh, did I speak out loud? Uh, no, no, not at all.", she replied, evaluating through her screen the focus of her lens so as not to make the same mistake again.
"Towards the horizon of knowledge."
She captured three successive shots to make sure one of them was viable.


"Well, let’s go to the horizon of knowledge together!" suggested Delphine, starting to descend the slope as quickly as possible; already, she was thinking of the grumbling tone of her favorite bird, and she imagined him all shy when he met his new friend.


"If you want to hurry so much, why go running?"
"...and how ?" she asked rhetorically, turning around, though she already had an idea of the answer—because the mere possibility of hearing him filled her with excitement in advance.


Instead of speaking, Ayla approached, and her dress changed back to light, forming a sphere like two elytrons closing on the taken aback human; the light outside disappeared, and around her everything turned red. Soon, she felt the ground slip away from her feet, as her shattered weight was replaced by the nimble force of airy motion, carefully floating her down to the bottom of the crater.


"But how do you do that?!" she cried, not knowing whether to be frightened or impressed by the ladybug's unexpected powers.
"I told you...I don't care."


The movement seemed to slow down, and Delphine deduced that the ground must be approaching. Already, she was preparing to set foot on the ground - but the ground did not come.


"Ayla, aren't we about to land?"
"Oh, not yet, little human...not yet."
"It's...it's Delphine."
"Trust me, I don't care about that either."


This time, there was little doubt about the reaction to those words; and the fear that crept into the chest of the one who had just understood herself a prisoner rose all the more quickly when she suddenly felt the elytron tighten and come to marry the shape of her wrists, while Ayla's face loomed in front of her in shadowy black outlines.


"For you are mine now, and only I will decide your name."


When Delphine wanted to scream, her voice was reduced to a red breath; and when she wanted to struggle, the chains of light kept her paralyzed.


And then, suddenly, everything stopped; she was standing; she lost her balance by surprise and collapsed in the grass, getting up, coughing slightly, her throat burning as if she had really screamed.


"No, you weren't dreaming, human."


The ladybug's voice chilled his blood. Again in its original form, it had slipped close to his collar, lodged discreetly below. Satisfied, and in full knowledge of his influence, she whispered to him:


"Between."


But Delphine, paralyzed, did not move. Then a fine needle seemed to penetrate his skin, and for an instant every muscle in him twitched with terrible pain; the next moment she was up.


  "And don't say anything."
"I-"
"I think you're smart enough to know...but I'd rather tell you."


The tower faced him; the door was open. No one had remained to guard her; no one entered. Trembling, the prisoner takes the plunge. Every time she moved, she felt Ayla's tiny presence on her shoulder, sinister and silent.


Her throat tight, she stretched her arms along her body, her gaze straight ahead, paying no attention to the details that would normally have challenged her. She saw no way out. The one that threatened her could shift shape, effortlessly lift matter, and visibly alter her consciousness. She didn't know the extent of his powers, but she knew they were far too great for her to resist.


And she understood one thing: she wasn't the only one Ayla must have wanted to capture - otherwise, she would have already kidnapped her, and brought her far enough away. His plan had to be quite different, and his ambition, to cover the entire population of this school. Distraught, she mentally counted the crowd of students she had seen. Were they not two or three hundred? And the teachers, for such a volume, must have been dozens - and the staff even more numerous. All captured, what would she do with them?


She cut off her questions. She didn't know if her thoughts were being watched.


"Where...where do I have to go...?"
"Go on, and go through the door to the great hall. Soon everyone will be gathered there."


A shiver of dread rose from his arm; his suspicions seemed well founded. But what could she do? She didn't even have the comfort of knowing if she would be immediately killed while struggling.


"Please, I'm worried, she promised to come back!"


This plea was met with a sigh, and melted with it in the wind raised by the wings of the supplicant, whose eyes were filled with the most sincere fear.


"It must have been more than an hour already! I'm sure something happened to him. And if so, I must warn you - you know the dangers of this place better than I do! You are the only one I can talk to..! Please help me..."


Finally agreeing to leave his seat, the old man, who was waiting for the gathering of new students to welcome them all, looked at the bird with a sympathetic eye.


"You and she have to come a long way if you're so afraid of magic."
"I'm not afraid...but she's never seen one before."
"And do you think that we established our school in such a hostile place?"


He looked away.


"Sir...I can say one thing about Delphine, and that is that she always keeps her promises."
"...but tell me, isn’t that her over there?"


In a fraction of a second, the bird turned its head, then its body, and suddenly forgetting its concern as well as the reproaches that could have accompanied it, it sprang without waiting in its direction.


"Delphine!"


But a cry came to him, which stopped him, it seemed, without the slightest delay.


"No - save yourself!"


Then, from the shoulder of the human, a ray of red light pierced the air; the only instinct of the bird thus targeted enabled it to open its beak and seize in flight what resembled in texture a thorn of a rose. Behind him, at the far end of the room, the old wizard's heart only leapt and his body, imitating it, showed an incredible flexibility, while abandoning his age, he covered the ground with the distance separating it from the entrance even faster than the bird had been able to fly.


"Get out of the way!" he ordered in a firm and abnormally young voice.


When she heard it, the ladybug suddenly appeared, revealing itself and filling Delphine's mental space with a piercing, inhuman cry. She fell to her knees, covering her ears in vain, and had to close her eyes, gritting her teeth and letting tears of terror flow through her eyelids.


When she saw the world again, it was all over.


She saw the golden carpet covering the stone floor, stained with tears which, in surprise, she held back half. She felt a weight lift inside her and knew that Ayla's hold had ended.


"Delphine..!"


Without even needing to raise her head, she opened her arms and let the bird nestle in the crook of her neck.


"I...it was...I...where..."


It was that same voice, less firm but still too young, that answered.


"She was kicked out. Have no fear; she can do nothing more."


Confused, gasping, she looked up. Instead of the robed wizard who should have been standing in front of her, was an unknown man.


"You met a criminal on the run. We suspected she was here, and it was obvious she would benefit from such a gathering."


The bird, more lucid because less shocked, understood more quickly.


"The director is somewhere else, isn't he..?"
"I will warn him. My mission here is over; Ayla never came back to the same place twice."


It was then that a strange sentence, almost guilty in tone, escaped Delphine.


"Because a ladybug...it doesn't live anywhere..."


"So, a failure, right?"


Nonchalantly, the cat waggled its tail mischievously, its head tilted to the side, while the ladybug paced, annoyed, on its muzzle.


"Are you going to shut up..."
"If you stop invading my house."
"And would you have succeeded, in my place?"
"I'm not saying that."


Furious, she flew away, resting her paws on the wooden window sill. Then, adopting her human body, she chased away the mocking feline with the back of her hand.


"Come on, you're a much worse loser than usual."


Ayla was silent for a few moments.


"...is that...and for the first time...I could have really loved him."
