It was a deep crater, covered with dark moss and fresh grass. In this late night, the fireflies that still fluttered around the shy flowers disappeared from view, obscured by the sun. A path spiraled down a gentle slope lined with pine fences stained with silver paint. The muffled sounds of students walking more or less wisely down to the heart of the alcove, their footsteps as well as their words, echoed in a vague blur.


Standing out from the orderly group, clearly behind, a single boarder stalked inordinately, ensuring an unflattering delay on this first day of school.


"No, really, hurry, though...we have to get our room keys...if we don't go..."


To no avail, her traveling companion was trying to talk some sense into her. Flying close to her while making sure not to enter the field of her phone, even while she was taking picture after picture, trying to get closer or closer to her face, to gently brush her with his wing to gain her attention, he was however not receiving any answer, except for exclamations that were by no means intended for him; effusive and brief, of a united tone and energy:


"No! But no! But that's great! Ohhh hoho that's great - and there - and that angle there - wait wait wait, like that. Yes! No - LOWER it goes like this!"


And so on.
Embarrassed to disturb such displays of joy, the bird looked away and asked in a shy voice:


"Delphine, are you listening to me?"


Finally, she answered him, looking at him with eyes shimmering with wonder.


"But yes, of course I'm listening to you! But just LOOK around you! I could spend hours here! And right now, just with photos - but believe me I'll be crunching for days at this rate, it's amazing!"


His friend's tenderized beak wore a sweet smile.


"But you can always do it tomorrow...for now, we are expected. We'll have plenty of time to enjoy the scenery...three months is plenty of time."


She replied with another smile, embarrassed but not guilty.


"Sorry...well...then I'll be right there. But first, though, really, I really need to go all the way back upstairs to get a well-framed picture of the school diving."
"...but didn't you take one earlier?"
"Yes, of course, but..."


She browsed her gallery for a few moments among the dozens of new images she had just accumulated.


"You see? It's blurry...I was so happy I didn't pay attention...I have to start over..."
"Delphine, we'll be late if you go all the way back upstairs..."
"You can go ahead, right? And tell them I'm coming? They'll understand...right? Just a little photo and I'll be back...I promise..."


Looking up to the sky, the bird landed on her shoulder and gave her a light peck on the cheek.


"You better be quick, okay?"
"I promise."


So he took off, and ignoring the road layout, flew down in a straight line, ahead of all the other students. They were intrigued to see this beautiful white-winged bird flying by, reflecting the bluish glow of the tower below, and looked up for a moment to admire it.


Delphine watched him leave with a smile. What he could worry about, sometimes.


Faithful to her promise, she went up the slope with a decided step, in order to take as soon as possible her last picture to join him in time.


Around her, each parcel and each inhabitant of this fairy land seemed to want to make her betray her word, busying herself to distract her, to attract her eye. But she was determined, and she lifted a disdainful chin in front of the flowers of unknown species, the scattered tufts of turquoise grass and the moths whose milky wings translated the total absence of predators.


She still had some way to go, however, and in the back of her mind she was grumbling at herself for not having checked her album earlier. But it didn't bother her so much, since on this occasion, she noticed without even lingering an incredible quantity of details that had escaped her in the fever of her descent, and that she already imagined herself coming back to draw the next day, before daybreak - or maybe even at sunset, when the evening came and her things were set.


She was thus rejoicing in anticipation when she realized the presence of a small firefly that stood out from the freshly colored landscape by its bright red glow. It was circling her, obviously eager to talk to her. Concentrating as best she could, Delphine waved at it.


"Hello! You were talking to me, right? Sorry! I couldn't hear you..."


Reverberated in response a charming and delicate laugh, accompanying a friendly and caressing voice.


"Oh, but it's nothing. Because you can hear me, just as I thought...and that's why you're going to the school downstairs,right?"
"Yes! I'm coming to learn how to communicate better with animals...and the bird with me is going to try to learn how to talk to other humans."
"The bird? I don't see a bird near you."
"Ah, yes, that's because he went ahead. We're already late, and I promised him I'd be back down very soon."
"Indeed, the sun will be up any moment. But tell me, would you mind if I went with you?"
"Oh, but not at all! I'm very happy, in fact! It's rare that I can hear an animal so quickly..."


The beetle stopped twirling and, remaining stationary in front of Delphine, soon wrapped itself in a cloak of red light that hid it from her view.


"It is that...", she began, thus dissimulated, while the light took shape, growing, coming to trace the silhouette of a human body.


"I'm no ordinary insect."


At these words, the cloak of opaque light slowly faded away, revealing the presence of a young woman, dressed in a red dress with black spots.


"And by the way, I'm not a firefly."
"...But a ladybug!" exclaimed Delphine, her eyes wide.
"Right."
"A glow-in-the-dark ladybug! And...and you can take human form! How? How do you do that? That's amazing!"
"Knowing how I can doesn't really matter."


Prophetically delighted, the young designer began to scrutinize the proud ladybug, just as this one had scrutinized her seconds before. Then she remembered and shook her head.


"Oh, the bird! Ah, well, sorry, I really must hurry - will you follow me?"
"With pleasure. You were coming up. Had you forgotten something?"
"No, but come, I'll explain! By the way, and while I'm thinking of it: what's your name?"
"I like to be called Ayla."
"Then Ayla it is!"


And together they walked up to the top, one with her playful run, the other with a light, ample, graceful step.


"Do you live here? In the crater garden?"
"A ladybug doesn't live anywhere...but that's where I'm staying right now."
"Because there's plenty of prey?"
"Enough."


It took, to reach the end of their road, much less time than Delphine would have thought, as if their conversation had shortened the journey. As soon as she saw the end of it, she took the lead and positioned herself right next to the glittering gate that opened the driveway to the institute; unconsciously, she murmured the words above it:


"Mihiril Noemied Iesod..."


"Do you know what that means?", asked Ayla.
"Huh? Ah, did I speak out loud? Uh, no, no, you didn't.", she replied, evaluating through her screen the focus of her lens so as not to make the same mistake again.
"Towards the horizon of knowledge."
She captured three successive shots to ensure that one of them was viable.


"Well, let's go to the horizon of knowledge together!" proposed Delphine as she began to descend the slope as quickly as possible; already, she was thinking about the curmudgeonly tone of her favorite bird, and she imagined him all shy at the moment of meeting his new friend.


"If you want to hurry so badly, why on earth would you go running?"
"...And how?" she asked rhetorically as she turned away, even though she already had an idea of the answer - for the mere possibility of hearing it filled her with excitement in advance.


Instead of speaking, Ayla approached, and her dress changed back into light, forming a sphere like two elytra closing in on the startled human; the outer light disappeared, and around her, everything turned red. Soon she felt the ground slipping away from her feet, as her weight was replaced by the agile force of an aerial movement that brought her with a careful flutter to the bottom of the crater.


"How the hell do you do that?!" she cried, not sure if she should be frightened or impressed by the ladybug's unexpected powers.
"I told you...I don't care."


The movement seemed to slow, and Delphine deduced that the ground must be approaching. Already, she was preparing to set foot on the ground - but the ground wasn't coming.


"Ayla, aren't we about to land?"
"Oh, not yet, little human...not yet."
"It's...it's Delphine."
"Trust me, I don't care about that either."


This time there was little doubt as to how to react to these words; and the fear that was creeping into the chest of the one who had just understood herself to be a prisoner rose all the faster when she suddenly felt the elytra tighten and come to hug the shape of her wrists, while Ayla's face loomed up in front of her in black shadowy outlines.


"For you are mine now, and I alone will decide your name."


When Delphine wanted to scream, her voice was reduced to a red breath; and when she wanted to struggle, the chains of light kept her paralyzed.


And then, suddenly, everything stopped; she stood up;She lost her balance by surprise and fell down in the grass, getting up with a slight cough, her throat burning as if she had really screamed.


"No, you weren't dreaming, human."


The ladybug's voice came to chill her blood. Again in its original form, it had slipped close to his collar, lodged discreetly underneath. Satisfied, and in full knowledge of its hold, she whispered to him:


"Come in."


But Delphine, paralyzed, did not move. Then a fine needle seemed to penetrate her skin, and for a moment each of her muscles contracted with an awful pain; the next moment she was up.


 "And don't say anything."
"I-"
"I think you're smart enough to know that...but I'd rather tell you."


The tower faced him; the door was open. No one had stayed to guard it; no one was going in anymore. Trembling, the prisoner stepped through it. With each of her movements, she felt on her shoulder the tiny presence of Ayla, sinister and silent.


The throat tied, she advanced the arms along the body, the glance right in front of her, without paying any attention to the details which would normally have called out to her. She saw no way out. The one that threatened her could change shape, lift matter effortlessly, and obviously alter her consciousness. She didn't know the extent of its powers, but she knew they were far too great for her to oppose.


And she understood one thing: she wasn't the only one Ayla must have wanted to capture - otherwise, she would have already kidnapped her, and taken her far enough. Her plan must have been quite different, and her ambition to cover the entire population of this school. Panicked, she mentally recounted the crowd of students she had seen. Were there not two or three hundred of them? And the teachers, for such a volume, must have been dozens - and the staff even more numerous. All captured, what would she do with them?


She paused in her questioning. She didn't know if her thoughts were being monitored.


"Where...where should I go...?"
"Go on, and go through the door to the great hall. Soon, everyone will be gathered there."


A shiver of dread ran down her arm; her suspicions seemed to be correct. But what could she do? She didn't even have the comfort of knowing if she would immediately be killed struggling.


"Please, I'm worried, she promised me she would come back!"


This supplication met with a sigh, and melted with it in the wind which the wings of the suppliant, with eyes filled with the most sincere fear, raised.


"It must have been more than an hour already! I'm sure something has happened to him. And if it has, I owe it to you to warn you - you know the dangers of this place better than I do! You are the only one I can talk to! I beg you, help me..."


Finally agreeing to leave his seat, the old man, who was waiting for the new students to gather to welcome them all, looked at the bird with a sympathetic eye.


"You and she must come a long way if you fear magic so much."
"Me, I don't fear anything...but she hasn't seen any yet."
"And do you think we established our school in such a hostile place?"


He looked away.


"Sir...I can say one thing about Delphine, and that is that she always keeps her promises."
"...But tell me, isn't that her, over there?"


In a fraction of a second the bird turned his head, then his body, and forgetting all at once his anxiety as well as the reproaches that might have accompanied it, he darted without waiting in her direction.


"Delphine!"


But a cry came to him, which stopped him, it seemed, without the least delay.


"No - save yourself!"


Then, starting from the human's shoulder, a ray of red light pierced the air; the only instinct of the bird thus targeted enabled him to open his beak and seize in flight what resembled by texture a rose thorn. Behind him, at the far end of the room, the old wizard's heart leapt and his body, imitating it, showed incredible suppleness, while abandoning his age, he covered the distance separating him from the entrance on the ground even faster than the bird had been able to fly.


"Stand aside!" he intimated in a firm, unnaturally youthful voice.


When she heard him, the ladybug suddenly sprang up, revealing itself and filling Delphine's mental space with a piercing, inhuman scream. She fell to her knees, covering her ears in vain, and had to close her eyes, clenching her teeth and letting tears of terror flow through her eyelids.


When she saw the world again, everything was over.


She saw the golden carpet covering the stone floor, stained with the tears that she was half holding back in surprise. She felt a weight lift inside of her and knew that Ayla's hold was over.


"Delphine..!"


Without even needing to take a readingr head, she opened her arms and let the bird nestle in the hollow of her neck.


"I...that was...I...where did..."


It was that same voice, less firm but still too young, that answered.


"She has been driven away. Fear not; she can do no more."


Confused, hiccupping, she looked up. Instead of the long-robed wizard who should have been standing before her, there was an unknown man.


"You met a criminal on the run. We suspected she was here, and it was obvious that she would take advantage of such a gathering."


The bird, more lucid because less shocked, understood more quickly.


"The director is elsewhere, isn't he...?"
"I'll let him know. My mission here is over; Ayla never came back to the same place twice."


It was then that a strange sentence, with an almost guilty tone, escaped Delphine.


"Because a ladybug...it doesn't live anywhere..."


"So, a failure, right?"


Nonchalantly, the cat wagged its tail mischievously, head cocked to the side, while the ladybug paced, annoyed, on its snout.


"Will you shut up..."
"If you stop invading my house."
"And would you have succeeded, if you were me?"
"I'm not saying that."


Furious, she flew away, resting her paws on the wooden window sill. Then, adopting her human body, she chased the mocking feline away with a wave of her hand.


"Come on, you're a much worse loser than usual."


Ayla remained silent for a few moments.


"...It's that...and for the first time...I could have really loved her."
