It was a deep crater, covered in dark moss and fresh grass. As the night neared its end, those of the fireflies that still fluttered around the shy flowers slowly vanished from sight, overshadowed by the sunlight. A path trailed downwards, coiled in a spiral ; a soft slope bordered with pine-wood fences tinted in sober silver paint. The muffled noises of the more or less well-behaved students, walking down towards the heart of the recess - their footsteps and their voices - bounced back around in a vague, blurry echo.


Standing out against the well-ordered pack, and trailing distinctly behind, a single pupil lingered to the point of unreason, ensuring for herself a lateness most unflattering on a first day.


"For real, though - hurry up, I mean... we still need to grab our room keys...if we don't go there soon, we'll..."


Her companion tried in vain to speak sense into her. He kept on flying laps around her with great care, picture after picture, not to intrude in her camera's field of view, doing his best to approach her face at least a little bit, so his wings could brush lightly against her in the hopes of catching her attention ; but he was met with no response, with the exception of exclamations not at all meant for him, all briefly fusing in the same tone and charged with the same vigor :


"No! For real?! That's so amazing! Ohhh hoho this one's good - and here - THIS angle right there - wait, wait, wait, like thiiiis. Yes! No - LOWER, you have THAT-!"


And so on.
Though it pained him to disturb this manifestation of genuine joy, the bird looked aside and asked in a timid voice :


"Delphine, are you listening?"


It was then that she finally replied, her eyes sparkling with wonder.


"Of course I'm listening to you ! But just LOOK around you ! I could stay here for hours ! And right now it's just pictures - but I swear it's days I'm gonna spend drawing this place, I can't believe it !"


A sweet smile came to her friend's beak.


"But you can still do that tomorrow...right now, people are waiting for us. We'll have all the time we need to enjoy the view ; three months is more than enough."


She answered with another smile, embarrassed yet guiltless.


"Sorry...well...okay, I'll come. But first, though, for real, I need to go back up there to get a good bird's eye shot of the school, and frame it just right."
"...didn't you take one just before?"
"Yeah, of course, but..."


She sifted for a few moments through the tens of pictures she had just packed her gallery with.


"See? It's blurry...I was so happy I didn't notice...I need to redo it..."
"Delphine, we'll be late if you go all the way back up..."
"You can go on ahead right? And tell them I'm coming? They'll understand, won't they? Just one little picture, and I'll come back...I promise."


With his eyes rolled up towards the sky, the bird landed on her shoulder and admonished a light peck on her cheek.


"You'd better hurry, got it?"
"Promise."


And so he flew away ; and, disregarding the beaten path, he descended straight down, cutting in front of all other students. Being very much intrigued upon seeing this bird with beautiful white wings, reflecting the bluish glow of the tower down below, they lifted their heads to admire him.


Delphine watched him leave, smiling. He worried so much, sometimes.


Faithful to her promise, she trailed back up, with a confident stride, so that she could shoot her last picture as fast as possible, and join back with him in time.


All around her, it was as though every inch of this magical land, and its every inhabitant, had made it its task to push her towards betrayal, working diligently to attract her gaze and distract her. But she was determined ; and in the face of flowers unknown to man, of thick turquoise bushes, of milky-winged butterflies who had never once had to fear a predator, she lifted her chin in disregard.


Despite her best efforts, however, there was still quite a way to go ; she knew this and pestered, rebuking herself for not double-checking her album earlier. Still, it did not bother her too much, because without even paying attention, she noticed an unbelievable amount of details that she had overlooked in the excitement of her first pass, and that she could already picture herself coming back to draw the next day, before daybreak - or maybe even this same evening, around sunset and with her bags unpacked.


And so she thought, full of glee for things to come, when she came to notice the presence of a small firefly, standing out from the fresh colors of the surrounding scenery, as she glowed a vivid red. She was flying circles around her, and was visibly eager to talk. Delphine focused as best she could, and waved to greet her.


"Hello! You were talking to me, right? Sorry! I couldn't hear you..."


A delicate, charming laugh sounded in return, and with it, a caressing, friendly voice.


"Oh, that is no problem – since you can hear me, just like I thought...that is why you are heading for the school down there, is it not ?"
"Yeah! To learn how I can speak with animals better, and the bird that's with me will try and learn how to speak with other humans too."
"The bird? I see no bird with you."
"Ah, right – he went and flew ahead. We're already late, and I promised him I'd go back down as soon as I can."
"Indeed, the sun will rise about any minute, will it not? But tell me, would you perhaps mind if I went along with you?"
"Oh no, not at all! Actually I'm really happy! I don't usually hear other animals so quick..."


The beetle ceased her fluttering and, flying still in front of Delphine, soon enveloped herself in red light, hiding herself from view.


"You see...", she began, thus obfuscated, as the light took shape, growing and progressively retracing a human silhouette.


"I am no ordinary insect."


With these words, the coat of opaque light slowly faded, revealing a young woman, her dress red and spotted with black.


"I am not a firefly, either."
"...you're a ladybug!", marveled Delphine, her eyes wider than ever.
"Precisely."
"A glowing ladybug! And...and you can turn into a human! How? How do you do that? That's so amazing!"
"Knowing how I can does not really matter to me."


The young artist, utterly delighted, studied the proud ladybug, just as she had studied her moments before. Then, she remembered, and she shook her head.


"Right- the bird! Sorry, really, I seriously need to hurry- so are you coming?"
"Gladly. You were going back up. Had you forgotten something there?"
"No, but come along, I'll explain! By the way, while I'm thinking about it: what's your name?"
"I like my name to be Ayla."
"Then, Ayla it will be !"

And together they climbed, all the way to the top, one with her feisty pace, the other, with a light, ample, and graceful step.


"So do you live here? In the crater garden?"
"A ladybug calls no place home...but this is where I have been staying lately."
"Because there's a lot of prey?"
"There is enough."


Reaching the start of the track took surprisingly less time than Delphine would have expected, as though their conversation had made the walk shorter. As soon as the end came in sight, she took the lead and hurried towards the glimmering gates opened on the institute's lane ; and without realizing it, she muttered to herself the words engraved above :


"Mihiril Noemied Iesod..."


"Do you know what this means?", Ayla asked.
"Huh? Oh, um, did I say that out loud? Err, no, not at all.", she replied, peeking through her screen to gauge the focus of her next shot and avoid making the same mistake twice.
"Towards the horizon of knowledge."
She took three pictures in a row, just to make sure at least one of them would be good.


"Well, let's go towards the horizon of knowledge - together!", Delphine suggested, already starting to run downhill without wait; she was already thinking about the grumbling of her favorite bird, and imagined him suddenly turning shy when he would meet her new friend.


"If you are in such a hurry, why would you choose to run?"
"...and how else..?" she asked, as she stopped and turned around – only rhetorically, and even though she already had a fair idea about what the reply would be, simply because the prospect of hearing it was too exciting to pass up.


Instead of speaking, Ayla came closer and her dress turned light anew formed a sphere not unlike two elytra closing upon the dumbfounded human; any outside light vanished, and around her, everything was only red. In a blink, she felt the ground collapsing away from her, her weight nullified and replaced by an agile force, bearing an aerial movement, bringing her towards the deepest point of the crater in careful floating descent.


"Seriously, how do you do this?", she exclaimed, not knowing whether she should be scared or impressed by the ladybug's unexpected powers.
"I told you...It does not matter to me."


Their descent appeared to slow down, and from that, Delphine deduced that the ground was growing closer. She was ready to set her foot down – but nothing came for it to set on.


"Ayla, aren't we about to land?"
"Oh, not yet, little human...not yet."
"It's...it's Delphine."
"Believe me, that does not matter to me either."


This time, there was little doubt about how she should react to these words; and the fear that emerged from realizing herself a prisoner seeped in faster still when one elytron gripped her tighter, matching the shape of her wrists, before, in the shade of the other, Ayla's face came into view, shining amongst dark outlines.


"Because you are mine now, and I alone will decide on your name."


When Delphine tried to scream, her voice was silenced into a red breath; and when she tried to struggle, the chains of light kept her firmly still.


And then, all at once, everything stopped – she was standing – she was so startled that she lost her balance, falling in the grass, and got back up coughing a little, her throat sore, as though she had really screamed.


"No, human, that was not a dream."


The ladybug's voice chilled her blood and bone. She was back in her true form, and, having slipped right by her collar, discreetly rested underneath. Content and well-aware of her hold, she murmured:


"Inside."


But Delphine was paralyzed; she did not move. Thus came a sting by what felt like a fine but piercing needle, and for an instant, every one of her muscles contracted together in horrendous pain; the next instant, she was standing again.


"And do not say a word."
"I-"
"Of course, you are probably wise enough to know not to...but I want to be making sure."


Before her stood the tower, and its door was wide open. No one had stayed to guard it, and no one else was coming in. Shaking with fear, the prisoner stepped inwards. With every movement she made, Ayla's presence could be felt again, somber and silent.


She marched straight ahead, with a lump in her throat and her arms stiff at her sides, unable to pay any mind to the details that would have otherwise called out to her. She saw no way out. Her captor could change her shape as she pleased, effortlessly lift matter, and apparently, could even alter her state of consciousness. She had no means of knowing just how far her powers reached, but she knew enough to realize she could not hope to oppose her.


And she understood one thing: she was not the only one that Ayla wanted to capture ; were it the case, she would have already been abducted, very far away. Her plan had to be something else entirely, and she likely coveted the whole of this school's inhabitants. Distraught at the realization, she mentally added up every person in the crowd of students. Were they not two, three hundred even ? For such a volume, teachers had to be in the dozens, and other personnel to outnumber even these.
What would the ladybug do once all of them were hers?


She forcefully stopped her panicked train of thought. She did not know if it was being spied on.


"Where...where do I go..?"
"Keep going, and through the gates of the main hall. Soon, everyone will gather there."


A horrified shiver sparked from her shoulder; it was exactly as she feared. But what could she do? She did not even have the comfort of knowing whether she would be killed right away if she tried struggling.

"Please, I'm so worried – she said she would be back!"


The supplications were met with a sigh, and both were fanned away by the supplicant's agitated wings, as he looked on with the most sincere apprehension.


"It's probably been more than an hour already! I am sure something has happened to her. And if it did, I have to tell you – you know what dangers lurk around more than I do! You are the only one I can even talk to! I beg of you, please help me..."


The old man, who had been waiting for the assembly of new students to welcome them all, finally conceded and left his seat, looking on at the bird with compassion.


"If you two are so afraid of magic, you must indeed come from very far away."
"I'm not afraid of anything...but she has never seen any magic yet."
"And do you really think we set up our school in such a hostile and treacherous location?"


The bird looked aside.


"Sir, I can say one thing about Delphine: she has never broken a promise."
"...but say, is she not right over there?"


It took but a fraction of a second for the bird to turn back his head, then his whole body ; he forgot every bit of his worry and every word of reproach he could have thought of, and dashed in her direction.


"Delphine!"


But a cry reached him, and it stopped him dead in his flight.


"No – run away!"


From the human's shoulder, a ray of red light pierced through the air; only the bird's instinct allowed him to know he was being targeted, and to open his beak so he could catch what, by its texture, resembled a rose's thorn. Behind him, in the far end of the room, the old wizard's heart beat only once before he leapt forward, with uncanny swiftness, and renouncing his age, he covered the distance between himself and the entrance faster than even the bird had been able to.


"Get out!", he ordered, in a firm and abnormally young voice.


At that sound, the ladybug surged out, revealing herself to the eye and filling Delphine's mind with the most inhuman and screeching of screams. The girl crumbled to her knees, and even though she covered her ears, it was in vain ; overwhelmed, she had to shut her eyes, and through her eyelids flowed tears of pure terror as she grinded her teeth together.


When she saw the world again, it was all over.


She could see the golden carpet laid over the stone floor, stained with the droplets that, out of shock, she almost held back before giving in again. A weight inside of her was suddenly lifted, and she knew that Ayla's power over her was no more.


"Delphine!!"


Without even needing to raise her head, she opened her arms and let the bird nestle in her neck.


"I...it...it was...I...where..."


That same voice, no longer firm, but still far too young, answered her.


"She has been chased away. Do not fear, she won't do you any more harm."


She raised her eyes in a confused hiccup. In the place of the old wizard in robes she should have seen, there stood an unknown man.


"You met a criminal on the run. We suspected she would be somewhere around here, and it was expected that she would try and take advantage of the gathering."


Because the bird was less affected, his greater lucidity allowed him to understand.


"The dean is somewhere else, isn't he?"
"I will tell him right away. My mission here is over; Ayla has never come back to the same place twice."


And then, Delphine uttered a strange phrase, with a tone closest to guilt.


"Because a ladybug...calls no place home..."

"Another failure, huh?"


The cat wiggled his tail nonchalantly, with his head leaning on one side, watching the irritated ladybug walk all around his snout.


"Will you shut your mouth..."
"If you stop invading my house, I will."
"As if you would have succeeded in my place!"
"I never said that."


She flew off furiously, landing on the wooden window ledge. Assuming her human body, she whisked the mocking feline away with the back of her hand.


"Come now, you're not usually such a sore loser."


Ayla stayed silent for a few moments.


"...because...for the first time...I could have truly loved her."
