It was a deep crater, covered with dark foams and fresh grass. At the end of the night, the fireflies who still flown around the shy flowers disappeared at sight, obscured by the sun. A path descended, rolled up in a spiral, a soft slope lined with pine barriers tinged with silver paint. The deaf noises of the students who descended more or less wisely towards the heart of the alcove, their steps like their words, resounded in a vague blurred echo.


Standing out of the ordered group, clearly behind, only one boarder dragged out disproportionately, ensuring that a little flattering delay on this back -to -school day.


"No, really, hurry up, anyway...We have to take the keys to our rooms...if we never go..."


In vain, his traveling companion was trying to make him hear reason. Flying near her while ensuring that she did not go into the field of her phone, even when she took a photo after photo, trying to approach her face more or less, to touch her gently from her wing to earn his attention, he nevertheless received no response, except for the exclamations which were by no means intended for him;effusive and brief, in a tone and a united energy:


"No! But no! But it's great! Ohhh Hoho it's great - and there - and that angle - wait wait, like that. Yes! No - below it gives that!"


And so on.
Embarrassed to disturb such manifestations of joy, the bird looked away and asked in a shy voice:


"Delphine, are you listening to me?"


Finally, she replied, looking at him with shimmering eyes with wonder.


"But yes, of course I listen to you! But just look around!'It's incredible ! a !"


The beak of his tender friend has a sweet smile.


"But you can always do it tomorrow...For the moment, we are expected. We're going to have our time to admire the landscape...Three months, that's enough."


She replied with another smile, embarrassed but without guilt.


"Sorry...well...So I arrive. But before, on the other hand, really, I absolutely have to go up at the top to take a well -framed photo of the school."
"...But didn't you take one earlier?"
"Yes, of course, but..."


She sailed for a few moments in her gallery among the dozens of new images that she had just accumulated.


"You see? It's blurry...I was so happy that I did not pay attention...I have to start again..."
"Delphine, we will be late if you go up there..."
"Can you go ahead, right? And tell them I come? They will understand...huh? Just a little photo and I come back...it's promised."


Raising the eyes in the sky, the bird landed on his shoulder and gave him a slight beak on the cheek.


"You have an interest in doing quickly, okay?"
"Promised."


Then he flew away, and ignoring the route of the road, descended in a straight line, ahead of all the other students. The latter, intrigued to see this beautiful bird pass through white wings, which reflected the bluish bursts of the tower below, raised the head for a moment to admire it.


Delphine watched him go, smiling. What he could worry, sometimes.


True to her promise, she went up the slope with a decided step, in order to take her last shot as quickly as possible to join him in time.


Around her, each plot and each inhabitant of this magical land seemed to want to make her betray her word, trying to distract her, to attract her eye. But it was determined, and it raised a disdainful chin in the face of flowers of unknown species, scattered tufts of turquoise grass and night butterflies whose laity wings reflected the total absence of predators.


However, she had a certain path left to go, and deep down, she was upset by blaming herself for not having checked her album earlier. But that didn't bother her so much, since on this occasion, she noticed without even lingering an incredible amount of details that had escaped her in the fever of her descent, and that she already imagined coming back to draw the next day, before daybreak - or perhaps even at the sunset, in the evening and his things posed.


She thus rejoiced in anticipation when she realized the presence of a small firefly which distinguished herself from the landscape with fresh shades by its bright brightness. She turned around him, very visibly eager to speak to him. Concentrating her best, Delphine greeted her with her hand.


"Hello! You were talking to me, huh ..? Sorry! I didn't hear you..."


In response a charming and delicate laugh, accompanying a friendly and caressing voice.


"Oh, but it's nothing – because you can hear me, as I thought...and that's why you go to the school below,is not it ?"
"Yes! I come to learn to communicate better with animals...and the bird that is with me will try to learn to speak to other humans."
"The bird? I don't see a bird near you."
"Ah, yes, it is that he left. We are already late, and I promised to go down very soon."
"Indeed, the sun will get up from one moment to another. But tell me, would that bother you if I accompanied you?"
"Oh, but not at all! I am very happy, in fact! It is rare that I can hear an animal so quickly..."


The beetle ceased to twirl and, remaining stationary opposite Delphine, soon enveloped a coat of red light which hid her to her sight.


"It is that..." she started, thus hidden, while the light took shape, growing, coming to retrace the silhouette of a human body.


"I am not an ordinary insect."


To these words, the cloak of opaque light vanishes gently, revealing the presence of a young woman, dressed in a red dress with black spots.


"And besides, I am not a fireflies."
"...but a ladybug!" Delphine exclaimed, eyes wide.
"Exact."
"A luminescent ladybug! And...and you can take human form! How? How do you do that? It's amazing!"
"Know how I can really don't really."


Clearly delighted, the young designer began to scrutinize the proud ladybug, just as this had scrutinized a few seconds before. Then she remembered and shook her head.


"Oh- The bird! Ah, well, sorry, I really have to hurry - did you?"
"With pleasure. You went up. Have you forgotten something?"
"No, but come, I will explain to you! Besides, and while I think about it: what's your name?"
"I like to call myself Ayla."
"So Ayla it will be!"


And together, they went up to the top, one of its playful race, the other with a light, full and gray step.


"Do you live here? In the crater garden?"
"A ladybug does not live anywhere...But that's where I'm staying right now."
"Because there are a lot of prey?"
"Enough."


It was necessary, to reach the end of their route, much less time than Delphine would have believed it, as if their conversation had shortened the journey. As soon as she saw the end of it, she took the lead and positioned herself right next to the sparkling portal which opened the alley of the Institute;unconsciously, she whispered the words that overcome him:


"Mihiril Noemied iesod…"


"Do you know what it means?" Asked Ayla.
"Eh ? Ah, did I speak out loud? Uh, no, no, not at all. ", She replied, evaluating through her screen the development of her goal to no longer make the same error.
"Towards the horizon of knowledge."
She captured three successive shots to make sure that one of them was viable.


"Well, let's go to the horizon of knowledge together!"proposed Delphine, starting to descend the slope as quickly as possible;Already, she thought of the tone of her favorite bird, and she imagined her shy when meeting her new friend.


"If you want to hurry so much, why then go there?"
"...and how ?"She asked rhetorically by turning around, even if she already had an idea of the answer-because the simple possibility of hearing her filled her in advance with excitement.


Instead of speaking, Ayla approached, and her dress changed again in light forms a sphere similar to two elytra closing on the human taken from the short;The external light disappeared, and around it, everything became red. Very quickly, she felt the ground escape her feet, while her reduced to nothingness was replaced by the agile force of an aerial movement bringing her with prudent float at the bottom of the crater.


"But how do you do that?!"She cried, not knowing if she were to be frightened or impressed by the unexpected powers of the ladybug.
"I told you...I don't care."


The movement seemed to slow down, and Delphine deduced that the ground should approach. Already, she was preparing to set foot on the ground - but the earth did not come.


"Ayla, are we not about to land?"
"Oh, not yet, little human… not yet."
"It's...it's Delphine."
"Believe me, I don't care too."


This time there was little doubt about the reaction to have these words; And the fear that creeps into the chest of the one who had just understood herself prisoner rose all the faster when she suddenly felt the elytre tightening and coming to marry the shape of her wrists, while Ayla's face was drawn in front of her in black shaded contours.


"Because you are mine, now, and me alone will decide with your name."


When Delphine wanted to shout, her voice was reduced to a red breath; And when she wanted to struggle, the chains of light kept her paralyzed.


And then, suddenly, everything stopped; She was standing; She lost her balance by surprise and collapsed in the grass, getting up by coughing slightly, a burning throat as if she had really yelled.


"No, you didn't dream, human."


The ladybug's voice came to freeze her blood. Again in its original form, she had slipped very close to her collar, housed discreetly below. Satisfied, and in full knowledge of her grip, she whispered to him:


"Between."


But Delphine, paralyzed, did not move. Then, a fine needle seemed to penetrate his skin, and a moment each of his muscles contracted with an awful pain; The next moment, it was noted.


 "And don't say anything."
"I-"
"I think you are smart enough to know...but I prefer to tell you."


The tower faced him;The door was open. No one had stayed to keep it;No one entered it. Trembling, the prisoner takes the plunge. Each of her movements, she felt the tiny presence of Ayla, sinister and silent on her shoulder.


The throat knotted, she advanced her arms along the body, her right look in front of her, without paying any attention to the details that would normally challenged her. She saw no way out. The one who threatened it could change form, lift the matter effortlessly, and visibly altering her consciousness. She did not know the extent of her powers, but she knew they were far too big for her to oppose it.


And she understood one thing: she was not the only one that Ayla should want to capture - otherwise, she would have already removed it, and brought quite far. His plan was to be quite different, and his ambition, cover the entire population of this school. Crazy, she mentally recounted the crowd of students she had seen. Weren't they two or three hundred? And the teachers, for such a volume, had to be dozens - and the staff even more numerous. All captured, what would it do with them?


She interrupted her questions. She did not know if her thoughts were spied on.


"Where… where do I have to go…?"
"Continue, and passes the door of the large room. Soon everyone will be gathered there. "


A thrill of dread was born with his arm;His suspicions seemed founded. But what could she do? She did not even have the comfort of knowing if she would be killed immediately while struggling.


"Please, I'm worried, she promised me to come back!"


This support encountered a sigh, and melted with him in the wind lifted by the wings of the begging, with the eyes full of the most sincere fear.


"He must have already spent more than an hour! I am convinced that something happened to him. And if so, I have to warn you - you know the dangers of this place better than me! You are the only one I can talk to ..! I beg you, help me… "


Finally accepting to leave his seat, the old man, who was waiting for the gathering of new students to welcome them all, looked at the bird with a compassionate eye.


"She and you have to come from afar if you fear the magic as much."
"I don't fear anything...but she has never seen it before."
"And do you think we have established our school in such a hostile place?"


He looked away.


"Sir...I can say something Delphine, and it is that she always holds her promises."
"...But tell me, isn't she there?"


In a fraction of a second, the bird turned its head, then the body, and suddenly forgetting its concern like the reproaches which could have accompanied it, it rushed without waiting in its direction.


"Delphine!"


But a cry reached him, who arrested him, he appeared, without the slightest time.


"No - Save yourself!"


Then, starting from the shoulder of the human, a rai of red light pierced the air; The only instinct of the bird thus targeted allowed him to open the beak and grasp in flight what looked like a texture to a rose thorn. Behind him, at the bottom of the room, the heart of the old sorcerer only leap and his body, imitating him, showed an incredible flexibility, while he abandoned his age, he covered on the ground distance separating it from the entrance faster even than the bird had been able to fly.


"Discard yourself!" He intimated in a firm and abnormally young voice.


When she heard it, the ladybug arose suddenly, revealing and filling the mental space of Delphine of a piercing and inhuman cry. She fell on her her knees, covering her ears in vain, and had to close her eyes, shaking her teeth and letting tears of terror flow through her eyelids.


When she saw the world again, everything was over.


She saw the golden carpet covering the stone floor, stained crying that, from surprise, she held half. She felt inside herself a weight lifted and knew that the grip of Ayla had ended.


"Delphine ..!"


Without even needing to raise her head, she opened her arms and let the bird nestle in the hollow of her neck.


"I...it was...I...where..."


It was this same voice, less firm but always too young, which replied.


"She was hunted. Do not fear;She can't do anything anymore. "


Confused, hooping, she looked up. Instead of the sorcerer in a long dress who should have been in front of her, was an unknown man.


"You met a criminal on the run. We were moving here, and it was obvious that she would enjoy such a rally. "


The bird, more lucid because it is less shocked, understood faster.


"The director is elsewhere, isn't it ..?"
"I will warn it. My mission here is over;Ayla has never returned twice in the same place. "


It was then that a strange sentence, with an almost guilty tone, escaped Delphine.


"Because a ladybug...it doesn't live anywhere..."


"So, a failure, right?"


Nonchalant, the cat misitus the tail, the head leaning on the side, while the ladybug made, annoyed, the hundred steps on its muzzle.


"Are you going to be silent…"
"If you stop invading my house."
"And would you have succeeded, in my place?"
"I'm not saying that."


Furious, she flew, placing her paws on the edge of the wooden window. Then, adopting her human body, she hunted the feline mocking with a backhand.


"Come on, you are much worse loser than usual."


Ayla stayed a few silent moments.


"...it's only...and for the first time...I could have really loved him."
